__2019-01-23__

**ZLC Members**  
[X] Matt Hogstrom
[X] Bruce Armstrong  
[ ] Jean-Philipe  
[X] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[X] Jean-Louis  
  
**Participants**  
[X] John Mertic
[ ] Greg McKinnon
[X] Joe Winchester
[ ] Tim Brooks  
[X] Alvin Tan  
[X] Nick Kocsis  
[ ] Paul Bartholf
[ ] Macgr04
[ ] Mike Maliska
[ ] Steven Horsman
[ ] Petr
[X] Paul Newton
  
## Recording can be found here:  

https://zoom.us/recording/share/4cFRV7z8ZjUibsEezVC-qPG06IFPgzSXsftQpv_5FCmwIumekTziMw?startTime=1549375454000

## Issues to be discussed on 2019-01-23
1.0 Release Updates
- ZSS  - Irek from Rocket is making scripts to make the installation go easier.  Working with the install team to incorporate install.
- river.zowe.org ... Jenkins plugin next and then able to build.  Metal C installed and working.
  * Rocket will provide pre-compiled binaries until the project shifts to river. 
- Explore confidential information in Github, Groups IO or a lastpass account. - Hogstrom  
- Need clarification on the 1st and third items from the scan.  ...  Update from Mark and Sean, item 1 is being addressed.  Item 3 still needs to be worked wrt to compatible licenses. +Mark, +Sean
- Need to clarify binaries and minification.  Main issue us opacity of content.  John will confirm that minified binaries are not and issue with LF legal. +John
- LLC creation for Zowe  - to address the legal issues around binaries and legal risks.  Series LLCs.  This will include EULA terms for no warranty terms. + John to update
- Updating Release Documents to clarify release artifacts  
- Artifactory license renewal & transition to Nexus.  
  - Short summary: Our current Artifactory license is up for renewal in March, and we would like to initiate the discussion on whether to renew or not, given the planned transition to LF provided Nexus.  
  - ? When should we renew or let it lapse. + John, Allison and Mark to transition to Nexus.




### Updates    
  
[Zowe GA 1.0.0 Goals](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/37)  
 - Added Tim Brooks and asked him to update this issue with the 1.0 items that have been discussed.  
 - Proposal to release 1.0 in January (last Tuesday) to allow more time for integration, performance and testing.  

[Zowe Conformance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)  -   
Meeting held on 2018/11/26 to discuss conformance.  @Tbr00sky drafting initial set of capability.
  
[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28) - Update from John on progress  
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed  
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?  
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC 12-5-2018  

### Actions  

### Post 1.0 Activities  
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)  
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)  

### Closed Issues
