__2018-10-31__

ZLC Members
[X] Matt Hogstrom
[X] Bruce Armstrong
[X] Jean-Philipe
[X] Sean Grady
[X] Mark Ackert
[X] Jean-Louis

Participants
[X] Joe Winchester
[X] Tim Brooks
[X] Alvin Tan
[X] Nick Kocsis
[X] John Mertic
[ ] Kyle Woodworth
[ ] Michael Supak
[ ] Petr Plajanik
[ ] Robert Penny
[ ] John Davies
[ ] Rob Scott
[ ] Jordan Cain
[X] Jax Shawley

## Recording can be found here:

Topic: Zowe ZLC meeting
Date: Oct 31, 2018 8:53 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)

Meeting Recording:
https://zoom.us/recording/share/TZpnm38WddXzewCTKIogkjrss0r365MiTXDR6dJ4yRewIumekTziMw


## Issues to be discussed on 10/31/2018

### Vote on these to move forward and close
[Allow CLI as separate download](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/54)
[1] Matt Hogstrom  
[1] Bruce Armstrong  
[1] Jean-Philipe  
[1] Sean Grady  
[1] Mark Ackert  
[1] Jean-Louis
Package and distribute the CLI seperate from the main Pax.  
Same release cadence as Zowe major version. 
Target for 0.9.4

[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28)
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC target.
[ ] Matt Hogstrom  
[ ] Bruce Armstrong  
[ ] Jean-Philipe  
[ ] Sean Grady  
[ ] Mark Ackert  
[ ] Jean-Louis

[Zowe Compliance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)
Change issue to Conformance from Compliance.  
John will take this issue and we will defer this issue.  Needs to be completed prior to 1.0.
Get an update in two weeks.
[ ] Matt Hogstrom  
[ ] Bruce Armstrong  
[ ] Jean-Philipe  
[ ] Sean Grady  
[ ] Mark Ackert  
[ ] Jean-Louis

[Discuss - Promote Zowe Playbacks](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/49)
Jax to follow up with Mae.  Sponsor user feedback.
Closing and having Jax lead this.
[ ] Matt Hogstrom  
[ ] Bruce Armstrong  
[ ] Jean-Philipe  
[ ] Sean Grady  
[ ] Mark Ackert  
[ ] Jean-Louis

[Certificate Strategy in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/27)
Zowe will create a single self-signed cert for all Zowe components to include.  Use the zLux server cert and incorporate into build process.
[1] Matt Hogstrom  
[1] Bruce Armstrong  
[1] Jean-Philipe  
[1] Sean Grady  
[1] Mark Ackert  
[1] Jean-Louis

### Discuss
Review procedure for security notifications  - https://zowe.org/contribute/#ReportingSecurity

### Updates
[Remove dependencies on non-EPL 2.0 Code bases in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/17)
[Discuss - DB2 Plugin Dependencies in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/48)

[Research / Implement pre-receive hooks rejecting unsigned commits in progress review](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/47)
[EPL-2.0 Component for ZSS enhancement to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/26)

[Achieve CII Best Practices badge in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/38)
[Investigate Code Analysis Tools in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/46)

[Zowe Docker Hub in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/45)

["Built on Zowe" Website section](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/41)

[Zowe GA 1.0.0 Goals](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/37)
 - Added Tim Brooks and asked him to update this issue with the 1.0 items that have been discussed.
 - Proposal to release 1.0 in January (last Tuesday) to allow more time for integration, performance and testing.

[Agenda update for 09-05 zLC meeting](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/18)

### Proposing to Close ... if no discussion will close post meeting
[z/OSMF - Performance measure](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/34) - 
[z/OSMF Lite - Closed beta and delivery](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/33) - 
[Provide access to Z/OS instance. to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/4) - Outside of ZLC perview.  We can support but not action at this point.
[Research/Guide - SSO for GA 1 in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/31)
[OMP Landing page imagery](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/15)
[Zowe Charter in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/8)

### Post 1.0 Activities
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)

### Closed 
[We should define and publish our process on zowe.org to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/21)
