# 2019-06-12

## ZLC Members
[X] Hogstrom
[X] Bruce Armstrong
[X] Sean Grady
[X] JP Linardon
[X] Mark Ackert
[X] Jean-Louis Vignaud

[X] John Mertic
[X] Tim Brooks
[X] Jason Dodd


### Recording can be found here   
https://zoom.us/recording/share/rMig-jOdhxRtLLpl30XkwvPrjC3TPzX1Ojv6oqJDZhewIumekTziMw?startTime=1560344554000

   
   
We will be discussing mostly process related issues to prepare for a vote next week on process documents in preparation for voting in August.  Please review, update and be prepared to discuss tomorrow morning.  We will not vote, but make sure everyone is clear on the scope and depth of updates.   
   
[Process Document Updates](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/118)
   
[Planning for Zowe Face to Face for Aug 4, 2019 (Sunday before SHARE)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/113)
   
[Document our code scan process and provide audit trail agenda](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/110)
   
[Zowe Roadmap](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/103)
   
[Turn on "Require two-factor authentication for everyone in the Zowe organization."](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/96)
    
[Address missing DCO signoffs](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/95)
    
[Zowe "vNext" release validation agenda](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/92)
    
[Zowe- Automated New Feature Notifier](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/91)
    
[Common Logging Format for Zowe Services](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/90)
    
[Zowe Long Term Support Plan](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/72)
    
[Zowe Conformance Program in progress onboarding](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)

Follow up items for June 12 

- JP (triggered by face to face survey request) brought up the need to review the list of committers in prep for voting (related issue since the call is who of committers are allowed to vote - for example if idle committers for 6 months should they be voting?) 

Discussed and will formulate a process to review comitter activity every six months.  Current activity in a period of time (for instance last three months) would be used to determine if someone is moved to Emeritus status.

- Check status of face to face survey results - need to know number of attendees 
- Firm up face to face agenda (issue raised since last week's meeting is the face to face agenda may conflict with Share meetings) 
- Check status of face to face registration page 
- Status of Sean providing MFA tools for use - and if John M has any other ideas on DCO conformance process 
- Review of the proposed Charter updates   