__2019-01-16__

**ZLC Members**  
[X] Matt Hogstrom
[X] Bruce Armstrong  
[X] Jean-Philipe  
[ ] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[X] Jean-Louis  
  
**Participants**  
[X] John Mertic
[X] Greg McKinnon
[X] Joe Winchester
[X] Tim Brooks  
[X] Alvin Tan  
[ ] Nick Kocsis  
[X] Paul Bartholf
[X] Macgr04
[X] Mike Maliska
[ ] Steven Horsman
[X] Petr
  
## Recording can be found here:  

https://zoom.us/recording/share/-IRHQne14KEtDy4P9K1VmJAhYeSoRZ3PajMfdxP5erKwIumekTziMw?startTime=1547646890000

## Issues to be discussed on 2019-01-16
1.0 Release Update
- ZSS 
- Message IDs OMP and ZWE reserved from IBM
- RACF Class ZOWE and Posit 607 reserved by IBM
- ECVT Allocated - 4-byte slot 144 in the area pointed to by ECVTCTBL (the 4 bytes at offset x'23C') to the OMP.
- (Update info@openmainframeproject.org as the registration point for these resources)
- Pending install of Metal C on River
- Explorer Update
  - Liberty is removed.  USS and JES are functional.  MVS is pending.  An extra week is requested.
- When will we start dropping nightly builds for 1.0 for widespread testing (including ZSS).  nightly builds are available  ... no release candidates yet.
- APIML - SSO integration with the Desktop ... currently can be disabled.  Explorer will not be ready for SSO exploitation.
- Scan Results (3 areas that need to be addressed.  
  - Delivering binaries from third parties.  Better documentation for binary jars.  )
  - React jars to move to newer jars to avoid older license.
  - Other licenses that may not be compatible.
  - # Need a license waiver
- Installation changes
  - Add ZSS (xmem server)

All, review 1.0 Goals and ensure the document accurately reflects project goals.  
1.0 Discussion and outstanding issues

Release Dates
- February 5th, 2019 is target 1.0 GA (verbal agreement by ZLC members present.)

Release Documents in release branch - are we ready to vote?
Action: Asked all members to review in prep for 1.0 release.
  
[Signing of Interim builds](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/68)  


### Updates    
  
[Zowe GA 1.0.0 Goals](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/37)  
 - Added Tim Brooks and asked him to update this issue with the 1.0 items that have been discussed.  
 - Proposal to release 1.0 in January (last Tuesday) to allow more time for integration, performance and testing.  

[Zowe Conformance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)  -   
Meeting held on 2018/11/26 to discuss conformance.  @Tbr00sky drafting initial set of capability.
  
[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28) - Update from John on progress  
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed  
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?  
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC 12-5-2018  

### Actions  

### Post 1.0 Activities  
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)  
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)  

### Closed Issues
[Achieve CII Best Practices badge in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/38)  
Complete ... Thanks to all who got us over the finish line.
