__2018-10-24__

ZLC Members  
[X] Matt Hogstrom  
[X] Bruce Armstrong  
[X] Jean-Philipe  
[X] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[X] Jean-Louis

Participants
[ ] Joe Winchester  
[X] Tim Brooks  
[X] Alvin Tan  
[X] Nick Kocsis  
[ ] John Mertic  
[ ] Kyle Woodworth
[ ] Michael Supak
[ ] Petr Plajanik
[X] Robert Penny
[ ] John Davies
[X] Rob Scott
[X] Jordan Cain
[X] Jax Shawley

## Recording can be found here:

Topic: Zowe ZLC meeting
Date: Oct 24, 2018 8:49 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)

Meeting Recording:
https://zoom.us/recording/share/rAzDTtcKc45vC_LP8o06UrjSQzqzb8aKUgYhPNbU_2WwIumekTziMw

## Topics
- Discuss move to LF infrastructure
    - Mertic has tools list and we need him to cover
    - Sean is ok with the list as long as we can have a hybrid infrastructure
    - Matt +1, Sean +1, Mark +1, Bruce +1, JL +1, JP +1
  
- Release Signing Guidelines
    - One cert owned by project ... or, individual certs owned by the ZLC for release signing
    - Individual certificates:     - Matt +1, Sean +1, Mark +1, Bruce +1, JL +1, JP +1
    - The community will ask for a release manager

- 1.0 Release Structure
    - Waiting for feedback on JP on the ZSS binary
    - Zowe will continue to strive toward a 1.0 release in December
    - Multiple licenses will need to be disclosed in the convenience build