# ZLC Agenda - 08-18
### Priorities and list of actionsÂ 

## ZLC Members

- [ ] Jean-Louis
- [X] Bruce
- [X] Matt
- [X] Mark
- [ ] JP
- [X] Sean

## Interested Parties

- [X] Alvin
- [X] Jax
- [X] John
- [X] Nick
- [X] Tim

Recording and notes from last meeting are located here:  https://github.com/zowe/zlc/meetings/2018-08-01/

## This 'n That
* Move to Git for notes and project materials in progress.

## Agenda Topics
### Repository Movement - Nick
* Created a doc to hold the license and copyright headers for easy reference.  https://github.com/zowe/zlc/process/LicenseAndCopyrightGuidance.md
+ Waiting for Steve and org attorneys to confirm license and copyright.  Nick to shake the tree by noon if no response.
Issue is interms of copyright assignment as additional contributors provide code to the codebase.  Goal is to have a simple copyright.  
+ Create list of incoming repos.  We'll track repo name and coordinator only, not contrinutor.  **No Objections**
+ Continue out of prior repo until pax is approved and published.  Then we'll for the repos from gizafoundation.  **No Objections**
### OMP Zowe Project Site Update - John
+ John to obtain a URL for the ZLC for review.  John to send to the ZLC mailing list.
### Developer Site - Tim
* Removed content that duplicated OMP static marketing page and other semi-static content to eliminate / reduce duplication
* Site Pages In progress.  Need all ZLC members to review content https://zowe.org/index.php/home2
* Cross-linking between Community Site and OMP Zowe Landing Page - John
* Site Plan https://ibm.box.com/s/xcxk3b2s4vf5ymi8y0by3nvctesfjk8t
+ John to provide direct links for subscription for e-mail and slack.
### Members
* Final moves to be completed by Sunday.
### Binary Pax - Joe
* Source and binary releases and signing
* Final content was due yesterday
+ Binary and source to be hased and the hash sign.  **Hogstrom to document**
+ Bruce, Liberty licensing is approved.    17.0.0.2  **No Actions**
### Documentation
* Site located at https://zowe.github.io/docs-site/
* Some discussion about rehosting - John
+ Need thorough review fto correct copyright, spelling and project references.  **Alvin to follow up with Doc team**
### Internationalization
* Primary language for distribution is English for now.  Not a release criteria.  **No Objections**
### Prior Slack Workspace
+ Transition away GizaFoundation.  **Do not move the existing channels due to prior privacy agreements.**
+ Squads to create thieir channels as part of formation
### Squad Formation
+ ZLC Create Teams for Squads in Git and Slack Channels - **ZLC Leads to initiate actions**
+ Commit management - needs definition ... **TBD**

