# Development Checkpoint

Introduction
------------
To provide overall project status and to have a place to identify all critical issues and identify action, owners and review timelines.

Schedule
--------

Current
Zowe 1.10.0 (March 3, 2020 - March 31, 2020)
- Sprint 1 (March 3, 2020 - March 16, 2020)
- Sprint 2 (March 17, 2020 - March 30, 2020)
- Code Complete/RC Candidate Build (March 27, 2020)
- Playback (March 30, 2020)
- 1.10.0 GA (March 31 2020)

Next two
- Zowe 1.11.0 (March 31, 2020 - April 28, 2020)
- Sprint 1 (March 31, 2020 - April 13, 2020)
- Sprint 2 (April 14, 2020 - April 27, 2020)
- Code Complete/RC Candidate Build (April 24, 2020)
- Playback (April 27, 2020)
- 1.11.0 GA (April 28 2020)

Zowe 1.12.0 (April 28, 2020 - May 26, 2020)
- Sprint 1 (April 28, 2020 - May 11, 2020)
- Sprint 2 (May 12, 2020 - May 25, 2020)
- Code Complete/RC Candidate Build (May 22, 2020)
- Playback (May 25, 2020)
- 1.12.0 GA (May 26, 2020)

Agenda Items
------------
1. Start Recording
2. ZLC Updates
3. Current Release and Build Status (Jack/Mark)
4. Plan
     - Discuss 1.10.0 Release
5. Squad Status:
    - Installation (Joe/Rose)
    - Onboarding (JoeW/Taylor/Rose)
    - Core/Web/Editor (JPL/Nolan/James)
      - RC build for 1.10.0
      - Finalizing SSO
      - Working on the UI for password reset
    - API Mediation Layer & SecurityÂ (Elliot/Michal S/Petr P)
      - Preparing for 1.10.0 release
      - Starting 'Try Out & Authorize' feature (https://github.com/zowe/api-layer/issues/258)
      - Setting up new Squad call cadence (x2 weekly)
    - Foundation (CI/CD) (Mark/Jack/Nick)
      - Preparing for 1.10.0 release
      - Final testing and troubleshooting PTF installation.
      - Work on new Ansible playbook for PTF installation.
      - Investigate RMF monitor III and how to export RMF VSAM data set.
      - Had interlock meeting with Marist:
        - We got a go-ahead for starting DB2/CICS/IMS on Marist server.
        - Preparing requirement for v2.4 image. Marist may have the server ready around May, then we may be able to test and customize in June or July.
    - Documentation (Brandon/Ashley/Jim/Jason)

6. Legal Requirements
    - None

7. Community Backlog
    - TBD
8. Roundtable
    - None

Action Items
------------
- None
