__2018-10-17__

ZLC Members  
[X] Matt Hogstrom  
[X] Bruce Armstrong  
[X] Jean-Philipe  
[X] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[ ] Jean-Louis

Participants
[X] Joe Winchester  
[X] Tim Brooks  
[X] Alvin Tan  
[X] Nick Kocsis  
[X] John Mertic  
[X] Kyle Woodworth
[X] Michael Supak
[X] Petr Plajanik
[X] John Davies

## Recording can be found here:

Topic: Zowe ZLC meeting
Start Time :Â Oct 17, 2018 05:52

Meeting Recording:
https://zoom.us/recording/share/cJJ3wOrbiHlNLJ-ReGR7sc-iZ6EUT9822HlFWDaLx5mwIumekTziMw


## Topics
- License alignment with OpenSource
  - Explorer is transitioning from Liberty to Tomcat
  - ZSS server
- Considerations for shipping binaries 
  - Cryptography and distribution issues
  - Patent issues
  - Downstream consumers
  - The ZLC makes the final decision and needs to consider the ramifications to consumers, downstream redistributors, and needs to be transparent in what its doing.
  - Alvin asked about the expectation of support on the part of the OMP / LF.
- CII Badge Requirements
- API / ESM Update
  - Breaking into two portions by December 20th
  - Begin integrating by November 20th
  - Integration by December 3rd